This is how our data pipeline look before.
With Simply Accounting, Just Sale and Smart Knapsack,
we have added few more elements.
Simply Accounting and Just Sale are our SaaS solutions.
These will also generate data and that will be
used as input for analysis, reporting, and recording.
Our newly launched Smart Knapsack is a connected backpack.
It has sensor that are continuously generating and sending data.
We need this data to monitor performance of
our Beta product to understand how product is doing.
Another important factor here is both our SaaS solutions are not only data producers,
but will also be data consumers.
This is because we will provide our transactional data to
Simply Accounting to make automated accounting entries.
We will also provide customer data to Just Sales for targeted marketing campaigns.
Why do we need data pipeline for Knapsack?
Introducing Simply Accounting and Just Sales
has brought in the possibility of data getting siloed.
Hence, we need data pipeline to centralize and normalize data.
As Smart Knapsack is generating continuous stream of data.
So we need highly optimized and automated data pipelines.
The more things are getting added,
the more we can see our data is growing.
So we need scalable data pipelines.